[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
We've got a great
program for you.
Livia Devi with us, a 5D Mentor
and Trance-Channeler for the 7D
Arcturian Council of Light.
Now, she leads a global
community of entrepreneurs,
thought leaders and conscious
creatives through her
transformative programs and
activations to call in the "new
earth."
Livia, welcome to the program.
>>LIVIA DEVI: Thank you so
much for having me here.
It's an honor to be here.
>>NOORY: What a wonderful name?
Where did you get that?
>>DEVI: From my parents.
And the last name
was given to me
while I was traveling in India.
>>NOORY: What does Livia mean?
>>DEVI: Livia is a Latin name
that actually means life.
And I feel like this is very
much linked with my soul purpose
on this planet.
And, you know, to inspire people
to live an exceptional life.
>>NOORY: When you had
this spiritual awakening,
how did it happen
to you-- for you?
>>DEVI: It happened
in Ireland, you know,
while I was still in
the corporate world.
And I connected with the higher
consciousness from the 12th
dimension, and that was the
Sirius Council of Light.
And they took me into a process
of training for one year.
And they actually,
you know, connected me
with my higher consciousness.
They did an access point
into my pineal gland,
and they taught
me everything that
is behind the
framework of reality.
Like they taught me everything
about the quantum field
and teaching me about
quantum technologies
and how everything works
in these third-dimensional
realities and everything about
parallel alternate timelines,
dimensions.
And after the full
one year of training,
I became a trance channel
for the seven-dimensional
consciousness from Arcturus--
it's called the Arcturian
Council of Light.
>>NOORY: So you gave up
your corporate career
and walked away from it?
>>DEVI: I did.
And the reason is because I
became a different person.
My consciousness shifted,
and I couldn't go back
to the old version of myself.
So it was a decision
that, you know,
I felt like I need to do it.
It is not that I
chose it consciously.
It was coming from
my inner-self,
from the deep, deep connection
with my heart and soul.
>>NOORY: Now, the 12 dimension
of the Sirian Council of Light.
How did they train you?
>>DEVI: They trained
me by connecting
with my consciousness.
So they did an access point
into my heart and also an access
point into my pineal gland.
And I was hearing
them into my head.
So the way I'm hearing you, I'm
not speaking with you right now
and I'm still hearing
them very clearly.
So they took me
through this journey
of understanding everything
that is behind the framework
of reality.
So, you know, we have
physical mentors and teachers
and also we have non-physical
mentors and teachers.
And I feel like for me, I
was just taught and trained
by non-physical teachers.
And this is very
unusual, you know,
for the human race to have
teachers from another dimension.
But I feel like as our
consciousness is evolving,
as many people are awakening
and we are embodying
fifth-dimensional
consciousness, we actually
go into the space of connecting
with other civilizations.
And this was my case.
And--
>>NOORY: Livia, when this
was happening to you,
did you think,
what's going on here?
What is this?
>>DEVI: Yes, definitely.
I had to go through
a process of--
to adapt to these changes.
And, you know, when everything
happened to me in 2016,
I start to hear like
four voices in my head.
It was one from the
Sirius Council of Light,
a voice from the Arcturian
Council of Light.
One was my higher
self and one was
my ego that was trying to
battle the transformation.
And of course, that,
you know, I felt
like I'm losing my mind
myself at the beginning.
I went and I visited
a psychiatrist
because I thought
that I'm just-- yes.
>>NOORY: What did the
psychiatrist say to you?
>>DEVI: Well, you
know, I was very lucky,
if I can say like that, because
the psychiatrist that I met,
he was an awakened
human being that'd
spent --and trained--
time in Tibet.
And he was training
to the Dharma.
And he actually introduced
me to the awakening process
because I thought that I'm
losing my mind and I'm bipolar.
So
>>NOORY: He had some
experience here?
>>DEVI: And he had
some experience.
And he actually was
in Ireland returning
from his spiritual path and
training like the doctors
and psychiatrists within the
psychiatric institution--
because half of the
people that were there,
they were under
medication and they
were having awakening symptoms.
So he was reforming
the entire institution.
And I was aligned
and extremely blessed
and lucky to be with him
and for him to actually,
like help me navigate my journey
of awakening and ascension.
And after working with
him for six months,
I start to connect with the
Sirian Council of Light.
And they trained me into
understanding my Mission
on this planet and my purpose.
And I know that I have
signed up for this mission
before my incarnation,
but my human consciousness
couldn't understand
what is going on.
>>NOORY: We'll talk about
that mission in a moment.
But you mentioned the
Arcturian Council as well.
Who and what are they?
>>DEVI: The Arcturian
Council of Light
is my soul and star family.
It's a seven-dimensional
civilization
that they are flowing
through my physical body.
And they are an incredible
civilization that are here
to offer to humanity teachings
and 7-dimensional technologies
that to support the
ascension process,
but also to elevate
consciousness.
So they are part of me, an
integral part of me right now.
I am trans-channeling them.
And I'm bringing their
teachings, technologies
and everything that we are ready
to receive because they can give
us as much as we
are ready to receive
for supporting the evolution
of human consciousness.
>>NOORY: Are they
physical beings or not?
>>DEVI: They are
non-physical beings.
>>NOORY: Non-physical?
>>DEVI: Yes, they are
non-physical beings.
They are actually
behaving as one.
So they do have a soul signature
inside their collective group,
but they are also omnipresent.
So they merge as
one consciousness.
>>NOORY: What is the 4D bridge?
>>DEVI: The
four-dimensional bridge
is the bridge of
consciousness that
connects the
third-dimensional world
with the
fifth-dimensional world.
So, you know, when a
person is awakening
and they start tapping into
a higher version of reality,
they are accessing
four-dimensional bridge
of consciousness.
And what does that mean?
For example, in the
third dimension,
people believe that they
live in a linear time.
They only have a present
and a past and a future.
But actually, when
people start awakening
and they start to tap
into other realities,
they realize that there are
infinite realities around them.
And when that
happened is when they
connect with the
four-dimensional bridge
and when they tap into
their multi-dimensionality.
And that's a very
powerful process.
Many people on this
planet right now
are awakening and are going
into this field of connection
with their
multi-dimensional grid
and exploring four-dimensional
consciousness.
>>NOORY: Livia,
what's the difference
between these dimensions?
>>DEVI: So in the
third dimension,
people are connecting to
their linear existence,
and they believe that there
is only a past, the present
and a future.
While in the fourth
dimension, people
are tapping into their
multi-dimensional grid.
And they realize that
they are shifting
realities and parallel timelines
every day and every second.
In every nanosecond, we
shift in parallel timelines.
So when someone is
awakening and they
go through this massive
process of ascension,
they start to tap into
this incredible quantum
field that is behind what
reality is translated
by our pineal gland.
And the fifth dimension
is when we are connecting
with the zero-point field
and we are embodying unity,
consciousness and
oneness and also we
are able to navigate
through all these dimensions
but in the same time
embody our higher self.
>>NOORY: Now, the stages of the
ascension process include what?
>>DEVI: It's the stage of
awakening where people are just
waking up from this long
galactic sleep and the process
of ascension when--
>>NOORY: It's been a long
sleep, too, hasn't it?
>>DEVI: A very long sleep.
And the process
of ascension when
people are accessing higher
level of consciousness
and they are connecting
to their higher self,
they are receiving into their
physical bodies, you know,
quantum technologies, but
also plasma-like technologies.
And it is the moment
where they are
embodying Christ consciousness.
And after the process of
awakening and ascension,
there is a process
of descension when.
You know, everything
that we tapped
into at multi-dimensional
level is embodied
in every cell of our being.
So when we are awakening and
we go through these processes
and stages of evolution,
there is so much
that we are unraveling and
uncovering and connecting
with who we are.
So we are remembering
past lifetimes,
present future lifetimes-- these
can be quite a confusing process
if you are not guided,
you know, through--
precisely guided
through the awakening
and through the ascension.
Some people are
awakening very fast.
In one year, they start to tap
into their multi-dimensional
self and embodying
higher consciousness.
Other people take-- is taking
them like 20, 30 years to--
>>NOORY: 20 or 30 years--
>>DEVI: Yes, to embody
who they truly are, yes.
>>NOORY: Of the
non-physical entities,
which ones have been the
most beneficial to you?
>>DEVI: Well, I am
personally connecting with
the seven-dimensional
Arcturian Council of Life
and the 12-dimensional
Sirius Council of Light.
There are many civilizations
within, you know,
multiple multiverses and
constellations of existence that
are here to support humanity.
But there are also civilizations
that they don't have
a good agenda for this planet.
And I'm connecting only with the
ones that are from, you know,
fifth dimension seven
dimension, 12 dimension.
>>NOORY: That upgrade us, right?
>>DEVI: Yes.
>>NOORY: The seven
technologies-- and again,
tell me about the Arcturians.
Where are they?
What star system are they from?
>>DEVI: They are from
the Boötes constellation
from a planet called Arcturus.
But this collective
consciousness
that I am connecting, they
are not in physical form.
There are non-physical.
And you know, they are here to
support humanity in, you know,
the evolution of consciousness.
>>NOORY: So they
want to be helpful.
>>DEVI: They are
helping so much--
and not only our
planet, but also
other civilizations
in the same time
because Earth right now has an
incredible role and a key role
in the evolution
of many species.
And this is why so many galactic
councils and star nations
and starseed
alliances are helping
earth and every human being on
planet earth evolve and ascend.
>>NOORY: Are they like angels?
>>DEVI: The angelic realm is
bridging in between the third
and the fourth dimensions are--
the angels and archangels
are very close to humanity
and the human beings.
They are not like angels
in terms of their mission
and you know, the
technology that they bring,
but they are connected with
the divine frequency of love.
>>NOORY: Now there are various
technologies out there.
What is liquid light technology?
>>DEVI: The liquid
light technology
is one of the
seven-dimensional technologies
that the Arcturian
Council of Light
is helping into
activating people.
It is like a liquid
form-- crystalline form
that is streaming
through the chakra system
and is connecting to
our DNA, is changing
the structure of the
water inside of us,
but also is upgrading the DNA.
It's a very advanced technology.
And all these technologies
from the seven dimension
are actually breached
within the four dimensions.
So what does that mean?
It means that not everyone will
be able and is able to use them.
You need to be in a state
of higher consciousness
to receive these
technologies and move
through your physical body.
>>NOORY: What does
that do for our DNA?
>>DEVI: So the DNA upgrades
are very important because we
are evolving, and we are
shifting consciousness
because of our DNA upgrades.
And this is something that
the Arcturian Council of Light
is using mainly into
activating consciousness
at the cellular level and
activating all the inner systems
that we have inside of us.
Because the evolution
of consciousness
doesn't happen outside of us.
It's not a process outside.
It's an inner process
that is shifting
the reality that we are in.
>>NOORY: Livia, what are the
crystalline chambers of healing?
>>DEVI: These are
seven-dimensional technologies
the Arcturian Council of Light
are using them for healing,
for stabilization, for
integration, for DNA upgrades,
for regeneration.
They are very advanced when it
comes to healing technology.
So, for example, if we
need to receive an upgrade
and our physical body
can't receive it,
we activate the
chambers of light
and we are receiving
that upgrade faster.
If we want to heal a disease or
something in our physical body,
we go within one
of these chambers
and we activate it into healing.
Because what healing means is an
alignment of the cellular system
inside of us, like the memory
within the cell is shifting,
so then it's realigning to
its original blueprint, which
is actually healing
our physical body.
So all these
technologies are used
by the Arcturian civilization
offered to the world,
to our civilization here to help
shift, evolve, transform, embody
and heal.
>>NOORY: Why do we have
these various dimensions?
What are they for?
>>DEVI: This is how we are
relating to the journey
that a soul is moving through.
Do we need to have dimensions?
No.
What is happening behind
the framework of reality
is the quantum field that we
are translating that energy as
like parallel dimensions, like
parallel alternate timelines,
the horizontal
plane of existence
and the vertical plane of
existence, which are dimensions.
This is how we navigate and
we translate the energetics
behind reality.
What is happening behind
reality is just energy.
But energy has power,
and energy creates.
Because everything that
we are experiencing
is real in our physical
reality is created
by an energetic blueprint.
So the dimensions
of existence allows
a human journey or any
other embodiment journey
to understand the evolution
of soul and where we are going
and why we are going towards
the higher realm of existence.
>>NOORY: How long did it
take you to learn all this?
>>DEVI: One year.
And the Sirius Council of
Lights told me that in one year
they shifted my consciousness.
As for other people in 40 years.
And they told me you have
enough information and downloads
to teach human race for
the rest of your life.
>>NOORY: Do you
help other people
elevate their consciousness?
>>DEVI: I do have
a global community
and work with people
globally in programs
that I have created that
allows them to shift
their consciousness and
activate their soul mission
and also to activate their
abundance and frequency
within themselves, yes.
>>NOORY: Give me an example of
how you elevate consciousness.
>>DEVI: We are
elevating consciousness
by connecting with our
higher consciousness
first because consciousness
is everything around us.
And how we relate
with everything
around us is very important.
So we elevate consciousness
by elevating our frequency,
by understanding how everything
works in our outside reality.
But to understand
outside reality,
we have to understand
the inner reality.
So we elevate consciousness
by going inside and shifting
subconscious beliefs
and conditioning layers
and going into the iceberg
of the subconscious mind.
So we elevate consciousness
by bridging subconscious
with conscious, with
super conscious.
And we are doing it
fast because there
is no time for the human
race to take another 300
or 400 years to get into a level
of harmony because time is--
>>NOORY: We're out of time.
>>DEVI: Yes.
>>NOORY: We don't
have extra time.
>>DEVI: We don't
have that extra time.
We have had a lot of
time before, but now we
are going super
fast and everything
is accelerating on this planet.
Like the planet consciousness
is shifting, super fast.
The incoming frequencies
and the ascension energies
is shifting people
at a cellular level.
So people are
awakening and they are
pushed into this stream of
evolution and ascension.
There is no time then now.
>>NOORY: Let's talk about the
quantum field for a moment.
Quantum time space
realities-- so what are they?
>>DEVI: The quantum
time space realities
are our reality as a soul.
So what do we perceive
as being our linear time
is not how we are
experiencing it.
So the quantum time and
space are different realities
within the framework
of existence
that allows us as the
whole being of who
we are to actually evolve.
So what does that mean?
It means that in linear time,
in past, present and future,
it's only the human
body that is evolving.
But in quantum time, we are
connecting with the fullness
of who we are.
Because who we are is only in
representation of form is 5%,
but the rest of 95%
is non-physical.
So the quantum
time space reality
allows us to evolve
at the soul level.
So it's like a human component
and the soul component
that merge together.
And then this is how we shift
and quantum shift realities.
This is how quantum
jumps are created.
>>NOORY: But the Arcturians--
what we would call benevolent--
>>DEVI: They are
benevolent beings.
Yes.
And this is a very good question
because what is benevolent,
right?
Benevolent is a civilization
that is working for everyone.
>>NOORY: For the benefit--
>>DEVI: For the
benefit of humanity.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>DEVI: Yes.
And--
>>NOORY: That's
what they're like?
>>DEVI: Yes.
>>NOORY: They don't ever try
to deceive you or trick you?
>>DEVI: No.
And this is what differentiates
the Sirians, the Arcturians
and Pleiadian Councils of
Light with other civilizations
that they are manipulative,
and they are looking
for their own interests.
There are civilizations from the
lower spectrum of existence--
I don't like to
share their names,
but that they like to put
themselves on a pedestal, which
when it comes to unity,
consciousness and equality
and equanimity, the
beautiful Councils of Light
from the higher
realms of existence
will never put
themselves on a pedestal,
or they will never try to
manipulate or use humans
because--
>>NOORY: How do
you contact them?
>>DEVI: I hear them in my mind.
So everything is
happening fast for me
because they create an access
point within my pineal gland.
So me and them, we are part
of the same consciousness.
We are merged as one.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
What is called the 5D New Earth
and does that have a physical
location?
>>DEVI: The
fifth-dimensional new worlds
does exist in physical form, but
it also is a frequency reality.
So what does that mean?
It means that in order
to get onto that planet--
because we live in
different versions of planet
and realities--
people need to embody
what fifth-dimensional
consciousness is.
So the 5D New Earth already
exists in physical form.
It's up to us to
take the journey
into getting there and
aligning with that existence.
And many people on
this planet are.
>>NOORY: How did
you learn all this?
>>DEVI: I was taught by
the Sirian Counsel of Light
and the Arcturian
Council of Light.
>>NOORY: Do you study?
>>DEVI: I never read
any spiritual book.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>DEVI: This is just
downloaded information.
And this is what I
do with my students.
I'm teaching them how
to download information
because everything that
is written in books
is already the past.
>>NOORY: Do you have
students with promise
that really just get it?
>>DEVI: Yes, I
have students that
are able to go with me in
journeys into the quantum field
and be able to download
information themselves
and activate their soul mission
and understand why they are here
on this planet and
how they are here
to share their gifts and talents
that had been activated on.
>>NOORY: Was the
New Earth created
after the Lemurian blueprint?
>>DEVI: Yes, because
Lemuria has been
a five-dimensional civilization
for millions of years ago that
had an incredible technology.
And they were in
harmony with Gaia,
with-- they were in
harmony with planet Earth.
>>NOORY: Tell us
more about Lemuria.
What happened to it?
>>DEVI: The Lemurians
were a civilization that
had been flourishing
on planet Earth,
and they were using
organic technology
and connecting with the
crystalline grids and the water
technology.
And they were very much
connected with the planet Earth.
They knew how to communicate
with this-- with this star
planet.
And they use the resources and
the consciousness of this star
planet to create what
we call heaven on earth.
But it was just a
fifth-dimensional civilization.
The technologies from
Lemuria moved on to Atlantis
because everything evolved.
And there were--
at the beginning,
there were just a
couple of civilizations
that created Lemuria
and everything
was in harmony and balance.
And as evolution also
implies, curiosity and implies
development.
The development of
Lemuria brought us
into the Atlantis civilization.
And in Atlantis, things
were a little bit
different than Lemuria.
And this is why the
fifth-dimensional New Earth
used the grids from Lemuria.
>>NOORY: Interesting
take on all of that.
The Lemurians were
the good people?
>>DEVI: Yes, most of them
they were from the Pleiadian
civilization-- from Pleiades.
>>NOORY: Then came here.
>>DEVI: That they came here.
And there were also
other civilizations
that created Lemuria.
And there were
different influences
from beautiful star systems.
And everything was in harmony.
And this is what I love so
much in Lemuria that everything
was in harmony with--
all the civilizations
that were part of Lemúria
they were co-creating
beautifully with each other,
and they were sharing the
technologies that they developed
on their civilizations.
And it was amazing to see
that synergy and synchronicity
and alignment.
And also they knew and
understood how important
it is to communicate
with a planet that
is hosting the civilization
to actually flourish.
>>NOORY: Livia, on
this planet, we have
what is called New
Earth hubs of light.
We are they located?
>>DEVI: There are in
different parts of the world.
Different hubs of light--
what does it mean?
It means that there
is an energetic map
and an energetic grid around
the planet where people
are feeling drawn to
go and live and anchor
high-frequency codes there.
>>NOORY: Where did
the grid come from?
>>DEVI: There are
many grids that are--
we know about
electromagnetic lines
that exist on this planet
that is influencing
the magnetic field
of the planet.
And also there are ley
lines energetic grids,
but there are crystalline lines
which are coming from Lemuria.
So the crystalline lines are--
this is what it creates,
the evolution of planet Gaia
right now of--
it's interesting I'm
saying Gaia because it's
Terra, Tara and Gaia.
So the crystalline
grids of the planet
is actually allowing the
evolution of human consciousness
and all kingdoms
of nature, which
is-- which is the human kingdom,
animal kingdom, mineral kingdom.
So people are actually moving
around the world and are
connecting with the flow
of these grids-- the ones--
>>NOORY: Is the
grid like ley lines?
>>DEVI: Yes, the ley
lines are energetic grids,
but there are also
crystalline grids
which are energetic but
has crystals inside.
>>NOORY: You made a video about
the 5D New Earth visionaries.
Let's have a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
- What is that bright
light dancing in your eye?
Your soul watching the frames of
existence overlapping each other
and creating the
storyline of your reality.
Many are awakening from the
dream of separation, struggle
and pain and are ready
to face the stormy oceans
of their subconscious mind
to liberate themselves
from self-imposed
limitations and identities.
Surrendered to
heart consciousness,
everything that was
hidden is brought
into the light of awareness.
Letting behind the 3D, we are
rising in the higher realms
of existence to reconnect back
to our soul and star families.
The door to a new world
is opening up for us
on the fourth-dimensional
bridge where
we are meeting advanced
civilizations of light guiding
humanity to the
fifth-dimensional new earth
consciousness.
On earth in a time space reality
in the now available to all
of us in frequency alignment.
A world with a new
value system based
on love, kindness, compassion,
cooperation and unity.
If you are here with a deep
desire for divine service
and ready to anchor
New Earth frequencies,
join us in this
powerful co-creation.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Well done video.
>>DEVI: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Well done.
What are the 5D visionaries?
What are they?
>>DEVI: The
fifth-dimensional visionaries
are awakened beings that are
able to see future timelines
for humanity that
are pioneer realities
for the entire collective.
>>NOORY: Do they help
build the quantum grids?
>>DEVI: They are
building the architecture
of the quantum realities, yes.
And they do work with
the star civilizations
like the Andromedans and
Pleiadians and Sirians
and the Arcturians, but
also are very embodied
and grounded human beings
that they understand
how to merge science and
spirituality and the quantum
field with the human world.
So are the ones that are
creating beautiful divine
services on this planet
that are impacting the world
and are impacting the
individual and the collective.
>>NOORY: What's
their mission, Livia?
What do they want to accomplish?
>>DEVI: They want to
help humanity to awaken
and to be able to understand
that embodying of our higher
consciousness is not
only for some people,
but is for everyone.
The fifth-dimensional
visionaries
are here to fully allow
everyone to access their gifts
and talents and to understand
that they are far more than who
they believe they are.
So they are helping other people
to tap into their innate gifts
and talents and also to connect
with higher consciousness.
>>NOORY: Are they successful
in their endeavor?
>>DEVI: They are successful, and
they are impacting the world.
For example, I work
with entrepreneurs
that created eco villages or
are creating retreat centers
or people that are
creating and expanding
within the medical field--
the different
medical centers and
integrative holistic medicine.
>>NOORY: Why is it important
to destruct their subconscious?
>>DEVI: Well, it's
important for people
to shift from where they are
because this is where people are
not awakening and
this is where people
are tapping into that
deep state of ignorance
and also being so
easily controlled.
Because when we go in
our subconscious mind,
we understand that we
are living the life that
had been imprinted in our
subconscious in the first seven
years of our existence.
So everything that
had been imprinted
and how we had been
conditioned, we
are actually living
that experience.
And when we go in
the subconscious mind
and we start deprogramming
what was there--
like conditionings from family
society, cultural conditioning,
people start to
actually observe and see
that they have so
many opportunities
and they are able to
become who they truly are
and to live their own existence.
>>NOORY: Now, when you channel,
who do you channel primarily?
>>DEVI: I'm a trans-channel for
the seven-dimensional Arcturian
Council of Light.
>>NOORY: How do
you tap into them?
>>DEVI: I go into a
meditation process,
and they are
streaming through me.
>>NOORY: Can you do that now?
>>DEVI: Yes.
>>NOORY: And what
will the results be?
What do we expect?
>>DEVI: Every time I
trans-channel I go into a trans.
So what does that mean?
It means that I'm not
present in my physical body
and I have no recollection
of the experience that
had happened.
I have no recollection of--
>>NOORY: I'd have to tell you?
>>DEVI: Yes, of how
much time has passed.
So also you will
have to tell them
to leave my physical
body and my voice
is changing into more
like a male voice and--
>>NOORY: We'll
find out, I guess?
>>DEVI: They are using their--
my hands to create geometry
frequency and technologies.
And they are very
beautiful presents.
>>NOORY: How do I
wake you from this?
>>DEVI: You can tell
them, and they will leave
and I will be back in my body.
>>NOORY: OK.
All right.
Begin.
>>DEVI: All right.
So I'm inviting you to let's
go into a meditation process.
Inhale through your nostrils
and out through your mouth.
Let go of everything
that is not serving you
in this moment in time.
Let go of all ideas,
expectations, worries, fears.
And with each breath
you are taking in,
just invite prana life force
energy qi into your heart.
With each breath
you are taking in,
just let your body
relax more and more.
And with your permission,
I will activate your column
of ascension-- golden
crystalline light energy
from the great central sun now.
Moving down through
all your chakra system
and into the earth.
And we will anchor
the transmission
into the fifth-dimensional
New Earth.
I now ask to join us Council
of Life from Arcturus,
Council of Life from Sirius
from the 12th dimension.
Pleiadian constellation
7-stars Gaia.
Galactic Federation Star
Nation, Star Seed Alliances,
please join us in this space
and create a vortex of light
all around us, only
high vibrational
frequencies to
connect to us now.
I now ask permission from
the spirits of this land
where we reside one
character and frequency
in the core of the earth
through the earth grids.
I now ask the Arcturian Council
of Light, my star family
to flow into my body now.
[HEAVY BREATHING]
(CHANNELLING ARCTURIAN VOICE)
And here we are, dear ones.
Council of Light from
Arcturus connecting to you
in this time space reality.
We are indeed pleased and
honored to be here with you all.
Many of you are
ready to receive us
in this year of your
experience on Earth.
And this is bringing
so much excitement
that human race is bridging
with our civilization.
And because we have observed
you all for so long,
we are observing your planet
since the time of ancient Egypt.
And we are here today
to celebrate with you
all, how far you have all come.
Don't be afraid
of our expression.
We are not very
different than you.
And as we are
observing you even more
and now interacting
with your civilization,
we are able to co-create as
co-creation was not happening
before in a conscious way.
>>NOORY: Arcturians, may
I ask you a question?
>> ARCTURIAN THROUGH DEVI: Yes.
>>NOORY: What is your
interest in planet Earth?
>> ARCTURIAN THROUGH DEVI:
We are here to help humanity
to elevate their energetic
output to the highest frequency
and reconnecting them back to
who they are as your planet
forgot.
You went all into this
collective amnesia.
>>NOORY: In all
due respects, this
is a very warring planet
since the beginning of time.
It doesn't seem to be working.
>> ARCTURIAN THROUGH
DEVI: It is working.
We do understand that for
some of you, everything
that you have experienced.
And all these incarnations
and embodiments all your tries
over eons of
existence you believe
that you are not evolving,
but you are all evolving.
And now in this
incarnation you are not
only evolving, but co-creating
with so many star systems
including our civilization.
You see, dear
beloved one, now is
the time for each and one of
you to rise into your highest
embodiment, into the
higher version of yourself.
None of you came here to hide.
>>NOORY: Can you step in
and stop wars and conflicts
if you want to?
>> ARCTURIAN THROUGH DEVI:
We already have done so much,
and we are always doing
since the Orion War.
Dear beloved one,
the physical wars
you are experiencing
on your planet
are having an energetic output.
What you experience
in physicality
is a percentage of what is
happening in non-physical.
>>NOORY: Arcturian,
bring Livia back.
>> ARCTURIAN THROUGH DEVI: We
thank you for this interaction.
>>NOORY: Livia?
>>DEVI: Yes.
>>NOORY: Do you
know what you did?
>>DEVI: I remember you asked me
to trans-channel the Arcturian
Council.
>>NOORY: Do you recall
hitting yourself?
Why do you do that?
>>DEVI: This is the
entry point, how
they enter, the Arcturian
Council, my body--
and how they exit.
>>NOORY: You were
breathing very fast.
>>DEVI: Yeah, this
is how they breathe
through my physical body.
>>NOORY: They think they've
helped planet Earth.
I questioned them about that.
Because we still have wars,
famines, disease, hatred.
But they claim that
they've still done better.
What do you think of that?
>>DEVI: We are
experiencing reality
the way we allow
ourselves to experience.
So everything that we are
seeing in the third dimension
is just a small percentage
of what reality is.
If we are focusing
our time, energy
and if we are aligning our
frequency with the highest
realms of Earth-- because
Earth has many realms,
has the realms of
third dimensional Earth
where there is war and famine
and separation consciousness.
But there are realms
on this planet where
we have oneness and unity,
consciousness and divine,
unconditional love and harmony.
So when we are tuning
into the higher realms,
we are able to experience
earth differently.
So the teachings
that are flowing
through me and from
the Arcturian Council
is that we have to
elevate our frequency
and connect to our
higher consciousness
and also understand that if we
want to have a different Earth
experience, it stays in
our individual change.
>>NOORY: You spoke
at an event recently
about how to create a positive
legacy for future generations.
Let's take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- All, you are
building a business
for creating an impact to your
clients, to their families,
to communities of
people, to societies.
You have a global impact.
So you're not just impacting
your immediate community,
your niche or your
clients and your country.
I work with people that they
are creating retreat centers,
and they are
building sanctuaries
of healing and ascension,
where they incorporate
medical technology with
innovative solutions,
sustainability,
regenerative solutions.
They are looking at all
aspects how they can actually
impact the world globally, how
they can leave a legacy that
can be there forever.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Where was that?
>>DEVI: That was a
conference in Miami,
where I was speaking to
an audience of corporate
and entrepreneurs, business
owners and conscious creators
last year.
>>NOORY: How receptive
are they to what
you have to say, your message?
>>DEVI: They are very receptive.
And actually, I was introducing
to this beautiful community
the Arcturian Council of
Light, because my mission
on this planet is to bridge in
between spiritual communities
and entrepreneurs
and corporate world.
My mission is to activate
leaders into their power
and to activate them in coming
into the highest embodiment
of who they truly are.
>>NOORY: Are you hopeful for
the future of our planet, Livia?
>>DEVI: Yes, I'm very hopeful.
And I'm excited about the
future of planet Earth
because so many
people are embodied
and so many people
are awakening.
And there is such a beautiful
trajectory where we are going.
>>NOORY: How do people
get a hold of you?
>>DEVI: People can find
me on social media.
My IG handle is
ArcturianChanneling, and also
on my website liviadevi.com,
on Facebook, Livia Devi,
and LinkedIn, the same.
And people can actually
tune into the quantum field
and connect to my
higher self as well.
>>NOORY: All right, great.
Thank you for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>DEVI: Thank you so
much for having me here.
>>NOORY: I have to tell you,
when the Arcturians channeled
their way through her,
it was a little jarring.
But it's good to know that the
message behind what they say
is important.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]